c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.exe
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.pdb
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.Form1.resources
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.exe
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.pdb
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.exe.config
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amandasofia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.exe.config
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.exe
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.pdb
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.exe
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Generador.pdb
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.Form1.resources
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Users\AmandaSofia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Generador\Generador\obj\Debug\Generador.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
